
## Oral Exam Question
**Which anonymity technologies are there?**
- Broadcast
- Query and Superpose
- RING-Network
- DC-Network
- MIXes
**What does broadcasting provide?**
Recipient anonymity
**What is an implicit address?**
The implicit address is unknown to public. It’s a attribute that implicate the real recipient.
**How can implicit addresses be implemented?**
The usual implementation of invisible implicit addressing employs redundancy within the message content and an asymmetric encryption system. Every message is encrypted completely or partially with the encryption key of the addressed participant. 
After the decryption with the corresponding key the user station of the participant addressed can determine (with the redundancy inside the message) whether the message was designated for him.
**How can a broadcast be attacked?**
Attacker can disturb the message. Also he can choose certain recipients, and send the messages waiting for response. Using the method, attacker can decrease the anonymity.
**How can one defend against that attack?**
Insisting on error free receipt a sending of the user station is necessary.
**What are the limitations of broadcasting?**
Broadcasting is very inefficient if not supported by transport media; e.g., it's easy to do broadcasts in radio networks, but difficult in the internet.
**How does query and superpose work?**
On Scripts, P201 5.4.2
**What are the optimizations?**
- Sending a Pseudo-Random Bit Generation (PRBG) seed instead of the random vectors
- Using padding keys and a local master to do the superposing
**If a PRBG seed is sent instead of the random vectors, and only one vector (which is calculated) is sent to a server, does that vector still need to be encrypted?**
Yes! If the server that receives the only full vector is the only honest one (as per the attacker model) and all other stations are attackers, anonymity is lost.

**How does the DC-net work?**
Participants share the key with each other based on topology. Calculating (add the key generated by self and subtract the key generated by other) the local sum on each server and send to other participants publicly. 
Calculating the global sum. 

**What are the optimizations?**
- Superposing in local subnets and broadcasting intermediate results
- **Establishing a server**, having that server do the addition (instead of the clients) and broadcast the result to all stations
**What is the attacker model?**
Attacker can disrupt communication and attack availability, but he won't violate anonymity

**How is the DC NET (or DC+ NET) protected against modifying attacks? E.g. the attacker disrupts one line and a station gets a wrong global sum, what happens then? Is anonymity violated? Is availability violated?**

In DC+ NET, keys depend on global sums from previous rounds. If only one station receives a corrupted message in one round, its global sum will be corrupted too, meaning that in the next round, its keys will be corrupted, and as a result, it will broadcast a corrupt local output and the global sum will be garbage. 

Participant can also use Reservation Blob with trap. If the attacker unluckily damage the trap random message, the global sum will be corrupted. This will cause the reveal the message. The disrupter will be kick out the communication. 

Availability is violated, but anonymity is not!

**How do MIXes work? In a direct sender anonymity scheme, how does a message look if there is one MIX in between the sender and the recipient?**

MIX process: 1. Discard repeat message, encode all the input message; 2. Batch the messages; 3. Recode the message; 4. Shuffle, reorder; 
 
The message could look like Cm(Z2,A,Cr(Z1,M)), where Cm is the public key of the MIX, Cr is the public key of the recipient, Z1 and Z2 are random numbers, A is the address of the recipient and M is the real message.

## Exclude Section
- Digital Signature System 
- Threshold Scheme
- Electrical Banking